README.md, before:

![Logo](public/logo.png)

# ReqBin.zip

ReqBin.zip is a modern day paste bin designed for a friendlier developer experience.

The app is built on top of the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/). Making use of nextjs (pages cause I don't like appdir), tailwind, trpc, and prisma. The backend features a basic MySQL database hosted on [Planetscale](https://planetscale.com).

All data stored in this application is encrypted at rest. But this is hardly necessary and came from what the original idea was supposed to be (a whisper like app).

The application is deployed on Vercel.

# Feature List
- [x] Configure PasteBin timeouts
- [ ] Syntax highlighting (or at least a slightly nicer textbox) - [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/) looks fun.
- [ ] Copy URL to clipboard on creation
- [ ] Slack link preview
- [ ] Raycast create paste bin command (Direct URL to create pastebin)
- [ ] .raw ending to just show the text
- [ ] "expires in..." timer on paste page.

# Minor Improvements list
- [ ] Improve mobile view
- [x] shadow on options dialog box
- [ ] better loading states
- [x] textarea focus on page load
- [ ] Better error messages (or any at all lol)

Commit message:

feat: direct APi routes to get/create paste

README.md, after:

![Logo](public/logo.png)

# ReqBin.zip

ReqBin.zip is a modern day paste bin designed for a friendlier developer experience.

The app is built on top of the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/). Making use of nextjs (pages cause I don't like appdir), tailwind, trpc, and prisma. The backend features a basic MySQL database hosted on [Planetscale](https://planetscale.com).

All data stored in this application is encrypted at rest. But this is hardly necessary and came from what the original idea was supposed to be (a whisper like app).

The application is deployed on Vercel.

# Feature List
- [x] Configure PasteBin timeouts
- [ ] Syntax highlighting (or at least a slightly nicer textbox) - [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/) looks fun.
- [ ] Copy URL to clipboard on creation
- [ ] Slack link preview
- [ ] Raycast create paste bin command (Direct URL to create pastebin)
  - [x] Direct API URL to create pastebin
  - [x] Direct API Url to get pastebin
- [ ] .raw ending to just show the text
- [ ] "expires in..." timer on paste page.

# Minor Improvements list
- [ ] Improve mobile view
- [x] shadow on options dialog box
- [ ] better loading states
- [x] textarea focus on page load
- [ ] Better error messages (or any at all lol)
